Fix description of allowance in function call key (#690)
near/docs: docs/concepts/account.md

A `FunctionCall` key is unique as it only has permission to call a smart contract's method(s) that _do not_ attach Ⓝ as a deposit (i.e. payable functions). These keys have the following three attributes:

> 1) `allowance` - the amount of Ⓝ the key is allowed to spend on gas fees _(required)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) `allowance` - the amount of Ⓝ the key is allowed to spend on gas fees _(optional - default: `null`)_
```

As you stated, this field isn't actually required. We should note the default value of `null` for now until this is updated with a default value.

2) `receiver_id` - contract the key is allowed to call methods on _(required)_
3) `method_names` - contract methods the key is allowed to call _(optional)_

> 

Reviewer: Maybe we can add a note here:
```suggestion
**Note:** If `allowance` is omitted the default will be `null` and key will only be allowed to call view methods. Allowance can not be added after key is created.
```
